Don't go too far.
Let go. You're hurting me
I will never marry you if I die
Ha ha.
Hahahaha
Don't you want my heart?
Now my life is yours
Come with me!
Oran
Will you be my woman?
Although his performance just now was very handsome
But I can't accept it.
Otherwise, it will destroy Lei Fan and An Hongze
The plot of becoming the best partner
Chairperson, I'm still going to die
Sorry, I can't.
Wait a minute.
Okay, this is the anger of the crown
I asked you to kill An Hongze, but you didn't kill him
He also involved the matter of Red Fang and Anjia on the table
Red doesn't need trash like you to get out of here
Doing too much
Why hasn't the script been rewritten?
My end is still dead
Tomorrow night is Paramount's number one post-song election
I heard that someone above Miss Yilian has already decided
Miss Yilian is so beautiful
If only he could stay with me for one night
The original script week, I was the first set of Paramount
But I'm just a little transparent now
Do I have to find my own identity first?
To change the plot